# CS360
Mobile architect and programming 
The app's primary goal is to create a password-protected inventory app, complete with individual logins for each person with some additional features; add and subtract inventory items or inventory count. The screens designed for the app included; the login screen and the home page inventory screen, with notifications. The notifications warn the user that they need to allow the app to have permission to use the phone's SMS. 
The separate screens had contrasting colours, so the text was easy to read, with the touch area large enough to be easy to click without touching multiple links or buttons. Developing the leading inventory screen, I kept the critical section in the upper thirds of the screen as it is where the eyes land naturally. The process of coding the app was complex. As this was the first app I had created from scratch, I am unsure how successful keeping everything user-centric was. The primary strategy I used was to take baby steps and create basic screens that work before any aesthetic developments occur. The foremost step I think I will take in the future and compartmentalise each section. So that I can create comments that make sense to me, I can leave a spot and come back to it and pick up where I left off. Finally, I ran the app in the IDE. To test that the code was functional, I made each screen separately to ensure that I had different codes that worked before I tried to bring them together. It revealed many things about how screens are connected in the app so they can flow organically. 
